In this video, what we want to do is
apply the layout to our vet list page.
We have a list of vets that we have
available, so we want to apply that
master layout to that. And let's go ahead
and take a look at what they did inside
the Spring project.
You can see we have vets and we have a vet list
page. Again, we have this common Thymeleaf
command here that we are going to
apply to that. We're going to go
ahead and get that applied. We can
see that's using a Thymeleaf replace. I'm
going to come over to our project.
Go to our vets index page and add that,
like so, and clean that up. We can see
that they're using h2 so I'm going to do
that to be consistent.
I'm not going to get too picky there.
I'm going to copy over again this bootstrap
class. Apply that to the table so we
have a nice-looking table, the bootstrap
styling. Let's see we have name, specialties.
We are not covering specialties at this
point. That is something that we do need
to add.
Let's see here. I'm just looking through.
We don't have any more styling so
this is going to be good enough for now. We
do we need to add in additional. We need
to enhance our model more so we can kind
of had a very rudimentary one
at the beginning. Let's go ahead and
run this now. We'll make sure that it's
running okay.
We are up. Let's come over here.
We go to vets.
You can see that things do not look
right here.
I'm going
to restart this. Looks like our
resources did not come up right and
sometimes you get weird stuff happen
like that. Because we knew the other
one was working, we just changed this one
and I looked at the resources, we're not
bringing in right, so let's see if this
works now.
Let's take a look at the page
source.
We see that this
CSS is not being found so I'm going to
close that. Let's go ahead and stop
this. I'm going to do a
clean.
I believe what's happening is the
Maven plugin is actually doing
doing another patching of the
CSS and whatnot, so I think we
inadvertently cleaned that by accident
and wire our rebuilds so that some of the
static resources that we were depending
on inside of IntelliJ got whacked.
We're going to go ahead and rebuild that
now. You can see that is up so let's go
ahead. I'm running it from inside of
IntelliJ, so I wasn't how to percent sure
if we'd be picking up the resources
properly or not.
We are back up and running, so let's go
back over and do a refresh here.
Now we can see the resources properly.
Now let's try our vets
and now we can see that the vets are
properly displayed. What happened was, if
you come back over here and look under
target
and under generated classes and the
resources, so we can see the templates,
static, resources, the CSS, all the stuff
is being generated. That is being
generated by Maven but IntelliJ is going
on top of it so I think something
happened there. The reason I knew
that that happened is because when I
was looking at other pages in our little
web application, all of a styling was
missing, so that was kind of a clue that
that may have happen. We might see that
again in the future. We're kind of
doing something we probably really
shouldn't be. I think, technically, we
probably should be running from a Spring
Boot Run. That might be a little
bit more stable for us all. I may
experiment that. I prefer to work from
IntelliJ, so that maybe the new root
cause there. But just be aware, if you do
see something like that, just go ahead
and rebuild. That regenerates
this target directory for us and gets
all the web resources properly deployed
into the target directory. And again, the
packaging process, that's what builds
the jar. All that gets built into the
executable jar for us so you wouldn't
see that problem at runtime. This is more
of a development time quirk that we're
dealing with. We do have that
implemented now. That was, let's take a
look at this. That was number 21, so let's
go ahead and close that out.
now
I'd do the push.
That's gone ahead and done the push. You can see
that closes it. Our issues are
getting pretty sparse there so our
backlog is kind of running low here.
If we were doing Agile, you do want to
have a backlog of stuff to do. That's
pretty common Agile term where you have
issues already planned out, so when I
developer on the team does run out
work, they can go to the pool and
pull something forward. So right now, in
the next video, we're going to sit down and do some
project planning. I'll plan out a
queue of a task for things coming up in our
little Spring Pet Clinic project.